doc/devices/braket_local.rst, before:

The local Braket device
=======================

The local qubit device of the PennyLane-Braket plugin runs gate-based quantum computations on the local Braket SDK. This
could be either utilizing the processors of your own PC, or those of a `Braket notebook instance <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/braket/latest/developerguide/braket-get-started-create-notebook.html>`_ hosted on AWS.

This device is useful for small-scale simulations in which the time of sending a job to a remote service would add
an unnecessary overhead. It can also be used for rapid prototyping before running a computation
on a paid-for remote service.

Usage
~~~~~

After the Braket SDK and the plugin are installed you immediately have access to the local Braket device in PennyLane.

To instantiate the local Braket simulator, simply use:

.. code-block:: python

    import pennylane as qml
    device_local = qml.device("braket.local.qubit", wires=2) # local state vector simulator
    # device_local = qml.device("braket.local.qubit", backend="default", wires=2) # local state vector simulator
    # device_local = qml.device("braket.local.qubit", backend="braket_sv", wires=2) # local state vector simulator
    # device_local = qml.device("braket.local.qubit", backend="braket_dm", wires=2) # local state vector simulator

You can define and evaluate quantum nodes with these devices just as you would with any other PennyLane device.

For example:

.. code-block:: python

    @qml.qnode(device_local)
    def circuit(x, y, z):
        qml.RZ(z, wires=[0])
        qml.RY(y, wires=[0])
        qml.RX(x, wires=[0])
        qml.CNOT(wires=[0, 1])
        return qml.expval(qml.PauliZ(0)), var(qml.PauliZ(1))

When executed, the circuit will perform the computation on the local machine.

>>> circuit(0.2, 0.1, 0.3)
array([0.97517033, 0.04904283])

Device options
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can set ``shots`` to ``None`` (default) to get exact results instead of results calculated from samples.

Supported operations
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The operations supported by this device vary based on the operations supported by the underlying Braket device. To check
the device's supported operations, run

.. code-block:: python

    dev.operations

In addition to those `provided by PennyLane <https://pennylane.readthedocs.io/en/stable/introduction/operations.html#qubit-operations>`_,
the PennyLane-Braket plugin provides the following framework-specific operations, which can be imported
from :mod:`braket.pennylane_plugin.ops <.ops>`:

.. autosummary::
    braket.pennylane_plugin.CPhaseShift00
    braket.pennylane_plugin.CPhaseShift01
    braket.pennylane_plugin.CPhaseShift10
    braket.pennylane_plugin.PSWAP
    braket.pennylane_plugin.GPi
    braket.pennylane_plugin.GPi2
    braket.pennylane_plugin.MS
    braket.pennylane_plugin.PRx

Commit message:

feat: Support `batch_execute` for `BraketLocalQubitDevice` (#269)

doc/devices/braket_local.rst, after:

The local Braket device
=======================

The local qubit device of the PennyLane-Braket plugin runs gate-based quantum computations on the local Braket SDK. This
could be either utilizing the processors of your own PC, or those of a `Braket notebook instance <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/braket/latest/developerguide/braket-get-started-create-notebook.html>`_ hosted on AWS.

This device is useful for small-scale simulations in which the time of sending a job to a remote service would add
an unnecessary overhead. It can also be used for rapid prototyping before running a computation
on a paid-for remote service.

Usage
~~~~~

After the Braket SDK and the plugin are installed you immediately have access to the local Braket device in PennyLane.

To instantiate the local Braket simulator, simply use:

.. code-block:: python

    import pennylane as qml
    device_local = qml.device("braket.local.qubit", wires=2) # local state vector simulator
    # device_local = qml.device("braket.local.qubit", backend="default", wires=2) # local state vector simulator
    # device_local = qml.device("braket.local.qubit", backend="braket_sv", wires=2) # local state vector simulator
    # device_local = qml.device("braket.local.qubit", backend="braket_dm", wires=2) # local state vector simulator

You can define and evaluate quantum nodes with these devices just as you would with any other PennyLane device.

For example:

.. code-block:: python

    @qml.qnode(device_local)
    def circuit(x, y, z):
        qml.RZ(z, wires=[0])
        qml.RY(y, wires=[0])
        qml.RX(x, wires=[0])
        qml.CNOT(wires=[0, 1])
        return qml.expval(qml.PauliZ(0)), var(qml.PauliZ(1))

When executed, the circuit will perform the computation on the local machine.

>>> circuit(0.2, 0.1, 0.3)
array([0.97517033, 0.04904283])

Enabling the parallel execution of multiple circuits
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Where supported by the backend of the local simulator, the local device can be used to execute multiple
quantum circuits in parallel. To unlock this feature, instantiate the device using the ``parallel=True`` argument:

>>> local_device = qml.device('braket.local.qubit', [... ,] parallel=True)

The details of the parallelization scheme depend on the PennyLane version you use, as well as the specific local simulator
backend you use.

For example, PennyLane 0.13.0 and higher supports the parallel execution of circuits created during the computation of gradients.
Just by instantiating the remote device with the ``parallel=True`` option, this feature is automatically used and can
lead to significant speedups of your optimization pipeline.

The maximum number of circuits that can be executed in parallel is specified by the ``max_parallel`` argument.

>>> local_device = qml.device('braket.local.qubit', [... ,] parallel=True, max_parallel=20)

If ``max_parallel`` is not specified, the local simulator backend will use its own default. Each parallel execution
will use additional memory, so be careful not to set ``max_parallel`` so high that you run out of memory on your local
device. The exact limit will depend on your device. Additionally, setting ``max_parallel`` much higher than the number of
CPU cores available (if you are using a CPU-based local simulator) or GPUs/GPU streams (if you are using a GPU-based local
simulator) will not improve and may even degrade performance as too many parallel workers begin to contend for the same
scarce resources.

Device options
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can set ``shots`` to ``None`` (default) to get exact results instead of results calculated from samples.

Supported operations
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The operations supported by this device vary based on the operations supported by the underlying Braket device. To check
the device's supported operations, run

.. code-block:: python

    dev.operations

In addition to those `provided by PennyLane <https://pennylane.readthedocs.io/en/stable/introduction/operations.html#qubit-operations>`_,
the PennyLane-Braket plugin provides the following framework-specific operations, which can be imported
from :mod:`braket.pennylane_plugin.ops <.ops>`:

.. autosummary::
    braket.pennylane_plugin.CPhaseShift00
    braket.pennylane_plugin.CPhaseShift01
    braket.pennylane_plugin.CPhaseShift10
    braket.pennylane_plugin.PSWAP
    braket.pennylane_plugin.GPi
    braket.pennylane_plugin.GPi2
    braket.pennylane_plugin.MS
    braket.pennylane_plugin.PRx
